Installation of the mini MVCs.
The full source code is available free on git.
The link will be included below.
The steps for installation is to follow that link.
Create a new unity project.
I suggest the latest loads of unity and then you import this package into your project.
Within Unity's top menu you navigate Window Package Manager Add package from git URL and you use the
URL atop the git page.
Here we are in our favorite web browser.
Looking at the project repo In GitHub, we click code and we can see the full git URL.
You want to copy that and bring that into unity.
Here we are in an empty unity project using the latest version of unity.
We'll open up the package manager.
The package manager shows all of the current dependencies and allows you to add more.
We hit the plus button and choose to add a new git URL.
We paste in the URL we got from the github repo and now the mini MVCs is successfully added into your
project.
Notice in the project window that we have nothing in assets in this particular example because it's
an empty project and under packages we can see many MVCs.
So it's a bit off the subject, but I'll talk a little bit about unity and packages.
Historically, Unity offered assets through the asset store.
These assets were downloaded in something like a zip file that you would unzip in your project and be
able to use them.
The system worked fairly well.
A few years back, unity greatly expanded in how this system would be delivered.
The asset store still very much exists as a concept, but now when you download things from third parties,
including this package that I'm offering here, it comes through the Unity Package manager.
Some benefits include you have another pathway that's very easy to add things to your project.
As we've seen.
You can also include as a developer samples to share with others.
We'll take a look at some samples for many MVCs in later sections.
Periodically as you're using this package or any others, check back into the package manager to see
if a new version has been released to make sure you're always running the most updated code In this
section, we've taken a look at the mini MVCs.
We had an overview, talked about some of the pros and cons, some features, benefits and see that
it's a lighter alternative to some other frameworks.
We saw how to install it into your projects and are ready to explore more.
Next, we'll dig deeper.
This is going to be the first look at the real code of this framework, Learning the fundamentals through
examples.
We're going to see sample projects, how to take all the theory in this course and apply it to C-sharp
code.
Now, I know we've talked about a lot of principles, patterns, concepts, philosophies up to this
point.
It's all going to come together when we start to see it in the sample code.
I look forward to seeing it with you.
Thanks.